c:\users\tonyf\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\bin\Debug\CurrencyWPF.exe.config
c:\users\tonyf\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\bin\Debug\CurrencyWPF.exe
c:\users\tonyf\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\bin\Debug\CurrencyWPF.pdb
c:\users\tonyf\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\CurrencyWPF.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\tonyf\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\tonyf\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\tonyf\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\CurrencyWPF_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\tonyf\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\CurrencyWPF_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\tonyf\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\tonyf\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\CurrencyWPF.g.resources
c:\users\tonyf\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\CurrencyWPF.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\tonyf\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\CurrencyWPF.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\tonyf\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\CurrencyWPF.exe
c:\users\tonyf\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\CurrencyWPF.pdb
c:\users\tonyf\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\Views\UserControlMakeChange.g.cs
c:\users\tonyf\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\Views\UserControlMakeChange.baml
c:\users\tonyf\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\tonyf\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\Views\UserControlRepo.g.cs
c:\users\tonyf\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\WindowRepo.g.cs
c:\users\tonyf\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\MakeChange.g.cs
c:\users\tonyf\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\bin\Debug\Currency.dll
c:\users\tonyf\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\bin\Debug\Currency.pdb
c:\users\tonyf\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\MakeChange.baml
c:\users\tonyf\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\Views\UserControlRepo.baml
c:\users\tonyf\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\WindowRepo.baml
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\CurrencyWPF.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\MakeChange.g.cs
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\Views\UserControlMakeChange.g.cs
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\Views\UserControlRepo.g.cs
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\WindowRepo.g.cs
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\CurrencyWPF_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\CurrencyWPF_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\CurrencyWPF.exe
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\CurrencyWPF.pdb
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\bin\Debug\CurrencyWPF.exe.config
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\bin\Debug\CurrencyWPF.exe
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\bin\Debug\CurrencyWPF.pdb
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\bin\Debug\Currency.dll
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\bin\Debug\Currency.pdb
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\MakeChange.baml
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\Views\UserControlMakeChange.baml
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\Views\UserControlRepo.baml
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\WindowRepo.baml
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\CurrencyWPF.g.resources
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\CurrencyWPF.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\CurrencyWPF.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\CurrencyWPF.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\bin\Debug\CurrencyWPF.exe.config
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\bin\Debug\CurrencyWPF.exe
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\bin\Debug\CurrencyWPF.pdb
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\bin\Debug\Currency.dll
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\bin\Debug\Currency.pdb
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\CurrencyWPF.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\MakeChange.g.cs
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\Views\UserControlMakeChange.g.cs
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\Views\UserControlRepo.g.cs
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\WindowRepo.g.cs
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\CurrencyWPF_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\CurrencyWPF_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\MakeChange.baml
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\Views\UserControlMakeChange.baml
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\Views\UserControlRepo.baml
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\WindowRepo.baml
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\CurrencyWPF.g.resources
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\CurrencyWPF.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\CurrencyWPF.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\CurrencyWPF.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\CurrencyWPF.exe
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\CurrencyWPF.pdb
C:\Users\tonyf\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\bin\Debug\CurrencyWPF.exe.config
C:\Users\tonyf\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\bin\Debug\CurrencyWPF.exe
C:\Users\tonyf\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\bin\Debug\CurrencyWPF.pdb
C:\Users\tonyf\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\bin\Debug\Currency.dll
C:\Users\tonyf\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\bin\Debug\Currency.pdb
C:\Users\tonyf\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\CurrencyWPF.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\tonyf\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\tonyf\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\MakeChange.g.cs
C:\Users\tonyf\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\Views\UserControlGraphic.g.cs
C:\Users\tonyf\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\Views\UserControlMakeChange.g.cs
C:\Users\tonyf\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\Views\UserControlRepo.g.cs
C:\Users\tonyf\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\WindowRepo.g.cs
C:\Users\tonyf\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\tonyf\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\tonyf\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\CurrencyWPF_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\tonyf\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\CurrencyWPF_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\tonyf\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\tonyf\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\MakeChange.baml
C:\Users\tonyf\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\Views\UserControlGraphic.baml
C:\Users\tonyf\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\Views\UserControlMakeChange.baml
C:\Users\tonyf\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\Views\UserControlRepo.baml
C:\Users\tonyf\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\WindowRepo.baml
C:\Users\tonyf\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\CurrencyWPF.g.resources
C:\Users\tonyf\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\CurrencyWPF.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\tonyf\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\CurrencyWPF.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\tonyf\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\CurrencyWPF.exe
C:\Users\tonyf\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\CurrencyWPF.pdb
C:\Users\tonyf\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\ControlGraphicWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\tonyf\Desktop\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\ControlGraphicWindow.baml
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF_Current\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\bin\Debug\CurrencyWPF.exe.config
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF_Current\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\bin\Debug\CurrencyWPF.exe
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF_Current\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\bin\Debug\CurrencyWPF.pdb
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF_Current\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\bin\Debug\Currency.dll
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF_Current\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\bin\Debug\Currency.pdb
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF_Current\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\CurrencyWPF.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF_Current\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\ControlGraphicWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF_Current\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF_Current\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\MakeChange.g.cs
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF_Current\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\Views\UserControlGraphic.g.cs
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF_Current\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\Views\UserControlMakeChange.g.cs
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF_Current\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\Views\UserControlRepo.g.cs
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF_Current\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\WindowRepo.g.cs
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF_Current\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF_Current\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF_Current\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\CurrencyWPF_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF_Current\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\CurrencyWPF_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF_Current\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\ControlGraphicWindow.baml
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF_Current\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF_Current\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\MakeChange.baml
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF_Current\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\Views\UserControlGraphic.baml
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF_Current\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\Views\UserControlMakeChange.baml
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF_Current\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\Views\UserControlRepo.baml
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF_Current\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\WindowRepo.baml
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF_Current\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\CurrencyWPF.g.resources
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF_Current\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\CurrencyWPF.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF_Current\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\CurrencyWPF.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF_Current\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\CurrencyWPF.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF_Current\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\CurrencyWPF.exe
C:\Users\anthony.fragale\Desktop\CurrencyWPF_Current\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\CurrencyWPF\obj\Debug\CurrencyWPF.pdb
